README.md, before:

# Leetcode Collection

This repository contains solutions and resources to [Leetcode](https://www.leetcode.com "Leetcode.com") problems using python. 

Discussions and code reviews are more than welcome. The goal is to solve every day at least one problem. Happy coding!

| #        | Title           | Solution  | Difficulty | 
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|-----:|
| 7     | [Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/7-reverse-Integer.py)   | easy        |
| 9     | [Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/9-PalindromeNumber.py)   | easy        |
| 12     | [Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/12-integer-to-roman.py)   | medium        |
| 58     | [Length Of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/submissions/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/58-length-of-last-word.py)   | easy        |
| 69     | [Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/69-sqrt(x).py)  | easy        |
|  231    | [Power Of Two](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/231-power-of-two.py)  | easy        |
|  268    | [Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/268-missing-number.py)  | easy        |
| 338    | [Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problem/ransom-note/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/338-ransomnote.py)  | easy        |
|  344    | [Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/344-reverseString.py)  | easy        |
|  500    | [Keyboard Row](https://leetcode.com/problems/keyboard-row/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/500-keyboard-row.py)  | easy        |
|  709    | [To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/709-to-Lower-Case.py)  | easy        |
|  1431    | [Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/1431-KidsWithCandies.py)  | easy        |
|  1480    | [Running Sum of 1d Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/1480-running-sum-of-1D-array.py)  | easy        |

Commit message:

added lc 1281 subtracting product and sum

README.md, after:

# Leetcode Collection

This repository contains solutions and resources to [Leetcode](https://www.leetcode.com "Leetcode.com") problems using python. 

Discussions and code reviews are more than welcome. The goal is to solve every day at least one problem. Happy coding!

| #        | Title           | Solution  | Difficulty | 
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|-----:|
| 7     | [Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/7-reverse-Integer.py)   | easy        |
| 9     | [Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/9-PalindromeNumber.py)   | easy        |
| 12     | [Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/12-integer-to-roman.py)   | medium        |
| 58     | [Length Of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/submissions/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/58-length-of-last-word.py)   | easy        |
| 69     | [Sqrt(x)](https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/69-sqrt(x).py)  | easy        |
|  231    | [Power Of Two](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/231-power-of-two.py)  | easy        |
|  268    | [Missing Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/268-missing-number.py)  | easy        |
| 338    | [Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problem/ransom-note/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/338-ransomnote.py)  | easy        |
|  344    | [Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/344-reverseString.py)  | easy        |
|  500    | [Keyboard Row](https://leetcode.com/problems/keyboard-row/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/500-keyboard-row.py)  | easy        |
|  709    | [To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/709-to-Lower-Case.py)  | easy        |
|  1281    | [Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtract-the-product-and-sum-of-digits-of-an-integer/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/1281-Subtract-the-Product-and-Sum-of-Digits-of-an-Integer.py)  | easy        |
|  1431    | [Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/1431-KidsWithCandies.py)  | easy        |
|  1480    | [Running Sum of 1d Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/ "Leetcode.com")  | [Python](https://github.com/fRedelaar/leetcode/blob/main/python/1480-running-sum-of-1D-array.py)  | easy        |
